{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Times;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Courier;}{\f19\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020f05020202040302}Calibri;}{\f379\fswiss\fcharset256\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ArialMT{\*\falt Palatino};}{\f380\froman\fcharset256\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Times-Roman{\*\falt Palatino};}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Times;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Courier;}{\f19\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020f05020202040302}Calibri;}{\f379\fswiss\fcharset256\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ArialMT{\*\falt Palatino};}{\f380\froman\fcharset256\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Times-Roman{\*\falt Palatino};}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Installing OSCARS from Sources}{\author Mary Thompson}{\operator Mary Thompson}{\creatim\yr2011\mo10\dy20\hr13\min27}{\revtim\yr2011\mo10\dy20\hr13\min38}{\version2}{\edmins8}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords669}{\nofchars3817}{\*\company LBNL}{\nofcharsws4687}{\vern16529}}\margl1440\margr1440 \ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale125\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\fs28 OSCARS QuickStart\par Oct, 2011\par }{\fs22 \par }\pard \sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs26 Set environent variables\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22 Set the environment variables $OSCARS_DIST and $OSCARS_HOME. \par $OSCARS_DIST is the source directory for OSCARS.\par $OSCARS_HOME is the deployment directory.\par }\pard \sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs26 Get code\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22 You can use svn to download the most recent set of OSCARS sources, the most recent v 0.6 release candidate or you can download a tar file of the last checkpointed SDK set of sources( Jan 2011) .  To use svn\par \par }\pard \nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {     }{\fs21 cd $OSCARS_DIST\par \par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs21   svn co }{\fs21\ul\cf2\ulc2 https://oscars.es.net/repos/oscars/trunk}{\fs21   latest sources\par   svn co https://oscars.es.net/repos/oscars/branches/rel-06-20110603\par   svn co }{\field{\*\fldinst {\fs21 HYPERLINK "https://oscars.es.net/repos/oscars/releases/"}{\fs21 {\*\datafield 00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b5a000000680074007400700073003a002f002f006f00730063006100720073002e00650073002e006e00650074002f007200650070006f0073002f006f00730063006100720073002f00720065006c00650061007300650073002f000000}}}{\fldrslt {\fs21\ul\cf2\ulc2 https://oscars.es.net/repos/oscars/releases/}}}{\fs21 oscars-0.6-sdk-01.11.11 \endash  sdk release}{\fs22 \par }{\fs21 \par }{\fs22 The tar file including all the necessary jar files can be downloaded from the oscars-idc wiki at\par   \par }{\fs21   http://code.google.com/p/oscars-idc/wiki/SoftwareDownload\par }\pard \sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs26 Binary Distribution\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22 Run $OSCARS_DIST/deployOscarsBin.sh  to initialize the mysql tables. (see below for details)\par \par Run $OSCARS_DIST/bin/exportconfig\par }\pard \sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs26 Source Distribution\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22 Run  $OSCARS_DIST/bin/deployOscarsSrc.sh script which configures the OSCARS package. This script may be run more than once. If it has already completed an action, it will not change the result.\par \par }\pard \li720\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\fs22 1. Creates the  $OSCARS_HOME directory if it does not exist.\par \par  2. Prompts for the mysql root user password. If this password is empty, set it with the following command:\par /usr/bin/mysqladmin -u root password 'new-password'\par \par 3. Executes several scripts to create and initialize the OSCARS authN, author, rm and ion databases and tables. \par If you receive the following errors you have incorrectly entered the mysql root password\par \par ERROR 1045 (28000): Access denied for user 'root'@'localhost' (using password: YES)\par ERROR 1045 (28000): Access denied for user 'root'@'localhost' (using password: NO)\par \par 4. Copies all the config.yaml.template files to their non-template versions. These files are needed for configuring the OSCARS package.\par NOTE: the config.yaml files define the mysql oscarsUser and password and the port on which each service it to run. If you need to change these values, edit the config.yaml files in the config directory in each service directory.\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22 \par Build the system using:\par \tab mvn install.\par \par \tab the following mvn switches may be useful\par }\pard \li720\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\fs22 \tab -DskipTests  - skips all the unit tests\par \tab -Dmaven.test.failure.ignore=true  - executes the unit tests, but continues after \par \tab \tab failures\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22 \par }\pard \li720\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\fs22 As the last step in the build the  $OSCARS_DIST/bin/exportconfig command will be run. This command copies config files from $OSACRS_DIST to $OSCARS_HOME and executes few other commands to configure the OSCARS package completely. NOTE exportconfig will not overwrite files that have already been copied.\par }\pard \sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs26 Start the servers\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22 Run $OSCARS_DIST/bin/startServers.sh dev | sdk ALL to start all the OSCARS Services\par $OSCARS_DIST/bin/testServers.sh. dev | sdk checks to see that all the services have started\par }\pard \sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs26 Test the installation\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {There are several scripts in $OSCARS_DIST/api/bin.\par }\pard \li720\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\fs21 createRes.sh \endash pf <paramFile>\par modifyRes.sh \endash gri <gri> -bw <bandwidth> -start <startTime> -end <endTime>\par cancelRes.sh \endash gri <gri>\par query.sh \endash gri <gri>\par list.sh \endash n <numReq> -o <offset> -st <status>\par setupPath.sh \endash gri <gri>\par teardownPath.sh \endash gri <gri>\par \par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22 These scripts can be run in the following contexts: PRODUCTION/pro, DEVELOPMENT/dev, SDK/sdk, and UNITTEST/test. In SDK and UNITTEST all the services are run over http. In DEVELOPMENT authN, authNPolicy and WBUI are run over https. So far all the contexts run the services on the same ports, but the plan is to have different contexts (especially UNITTEST) to use their own set of ports.\par \par  Some sample paramFiles can be found in api/src/test/resources/*.yaml\par \par }\pard \li720\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\fs22 autoTD1.yaml \endash  creates a reservation of 4 minutes duration, starting immediately in testdomain-1. It should work with the default installation.\par autoTD2.yaml \endash  like TD1 except it creates the reservation in testdomain-2. To use this you must change the localDomain:id to testdomain-2 in topoBridge/config/config.yaml\par signalTD1.yaml \endash  creates a signal-xml reservation in testdomain-1 that will be exist for 5 days. You can use this reservation to test the setupPath and teardownPath operations.\par autoTD3TD4.yaml \endash  creates a  mutli-domain reservation starting in testdomain-3 and ending in testdomain-4. \par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22 \par }\pard \sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs26 Stop Servers\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {Run $OSCARS_DIST/bin/stopServers ALL to stop all the servers.\par Individual servers can be started or stopped by using one or more of the following names:\par }\pard \li720\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\fs21 authN authZ api coord topoBridge rm stubPSS eomplsPSS dragonPSS openFlow PSS }{\fs21 lookup wbui bwPCE connPCE dijPCE vlanPCE nullAgg}{\fs21 \par notifyBridge wsnbroker ionui\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22 \par }}